

What is Hypervisor?
Different types of virtualization?
What is elastic transcoder?
What is iterative model in SDLC?
Consistency models for databases offered by AWS?


EC2
When Elastic IP will incur cost?
If EIP is attached to EC2 which is stopped... Will it incur cost?
What is connection draining?
how to chose an availability zone? what parameters should we keep in mind?
Difference between spot instance and on demand instance?
I have DB server which I need to access frequently, which storage and its type I will use?
what is Instance Store volume and EBS volume?
what is use of lifecycle hooks in ASG?
how to launch instance whos key you have lost?
How to automate the ec2 backup?
How to auto delete old snapshot?
Is there Encryption in EBS?
Can you change the private IP address of EC2 instance?
I have 15 RDP servers. Which load balancer I should use?
What are types of LB?
What is hybrid AMI?
which is costliest storage in AWS?
How to automate EBS backups?

VPC
What will happen if I delete a Peering connection?
How many instances you can use in VPC?
What is stateful means exactly?
How to block access for Russian traffic in your server? 
If your russian colleague is not ablet to access now... what you'll do?
How to connect VPC to on-prem network?
192.168.2.0 is private or public ip address? what about 172.15.0.0 ?
How to create a Peering Connection

S3
How 10GB file will be stored in EBS, EFS and S3 tell in detail. 
How to upload file which is greater than 100MB? 
redundancy in s3?
what is faster s3 or ebs?
Why S3 is cheaper?
Which S3 storage class to select for storing logs that we want to access monthly?
Difference between object storage and block storage?
How you monitor S3? with its replication? to see it's consistency?
storage classes in S3?

EFS
Why EFS is scalable for multiple EC2 instances? 

CLOUDFRONT
What is Min TTL max TTL value?
How many requests per seconds CF can handle?
how you clear the the CF cache?
What is Geo Targetting in CF?
What is CF?
How to use browser cache? how to disable it for CF?

SNS

CLOUDWATCH
what is cloudwatch?
how to set a CW alarm to recover EC2 instance?
Have you set any alarm in a CW? How you did it?

CLOUDTRAIL
What is CT? how it works?
If one user did some distructive thing in my AWS... how can I track that?

SHELL
How to check for how long my Linux machine has been running?
What is Run Level in linux and how to change it?
Can you increase your partition in Linux without Rebooting it?
How to restart a service in Linux?
file created by the root... it should be opened by one other user and root only. how to do it?
How to add user in Linux?
su  - root command is failing what may be reason?
System not booting after updating the kernel in the linux, What should be done?
Write a code to Print the number of characters in a string?
how to open read only file in VI Editor?
How to see a file that has consumed the largest space in Linux?
what is Swap Memory.
metacharacters in shell
how to schedule shell job on perticular time
how to check disk usage
My disk is overflowing how to troubleshoot it?
I want to print all available IP addresses in a CIDR block 192.168.60.0/23. write a shell script for it.
